hey guys here's a quick video of me
showing you glitches slash glitch slash
cheat on subway surface so I'm probably
going to show you two or one I don't
know one or two no but here it is oh
you've got to get a right match first
you got to get one with trains really
close by like this one Oh screw it
where's my boosts gone there you go okay
here it is look at this file
look at this glitch guys
Sara
and you can still do everything and see
that's what happens so I'll show you
again if I can do it again I've gotta
find a good match we've got to find one
with trains and you have to have the
boosts either the red one with the
yellow one either either work Oh where's
my boots they're not coming up this game
is very glitchy by the way I'm laggy and
I didn't do it on time you have to have
precise timing with this you have to get
it exactly on to it otherwise it won't
work like you have to get it just before
he's trained there we go
as he hits the train actually while he's
hitting the train got to do it
see that I'll show you once more I
didn't do that
those well write up and you can go
through obstacles I'll show you there
you go
just get it on you can go through
actually go through the obstacles let me
just get to some obstacles this is
pretty funny you go to MIT live down in
the comments below what glitches you've
had experiencing during playing this
game and if you don't have this game you
should get it
it's called subway surface it's free on
the App Store yeah it's really fun it's
like kind of like temple run but train
railway thing but look you go right
through this see that it's pretty funny
so that to kill myself there okay so
that's me
73,000 yeah so go to the menu I'll show
you another one if I can do it I don't
know this one's hard as modern get a
good match
it's kind of like that other one but
it's also it's a bit different
no all right one one okay what's this I
didn't do right you have to have a
hoverboards for this one like you have
to have quite a few of them for that to
actually work like just before you hit a
chain you've got to do the hoverboard
and watch what happens
Wow what's wrong with this thing don't
have any half of all say all right undo
right wow this game is so laggy or
glitchy they have to release an update I
didn't do right
see that see that glitch there was um -
there was a wall and there was a train
half a train and I went right through
that the wall and the train together
with my hoverboard was not it's not
really a great verse but it's a cheat I
think you could like I could like do it
this is a hips chicken you get bored of
it after a while but yeah if you have
like I said if you have any glitches or
cheats or anything for this game that
you'd like to share with me so put in
the comments below or leave it as a
video response and oh yeah I'll check it
out post comment stana let's see what we
get
Oh what hips a little yes anyway thanks
for watching guys write comment
subscribe like share favorite the video
and yeah it'll really help me out
just pause the gunfire with this game
try if you and also if you can be my
school 73,000 I highly doubt it
okay I got up to one hundred and forty
three thousand on my friends iPod but
I'm going to try to do that on my iPhone
so yeah I'm gonna do that I'm sure you
guys so yeah thanks guys
wait come subscribe like favorite share
all that see ya